everyone Gamble's if your risk
something they're gambling and if you're
gambling block some guy you want to see
welcome aboard
we have the greatest business model in
the world 700,000 players we're doing 9
million dollars a day
yeah for it what do you think
three all things are possible
pretty much you blow this country would
love to haul an American in as the face
of corruption this whole thing's a trap
he's looking to hang things on you we're
not gonna go to the FBI I have your
father
I own you now well you can't go home not
at the fun started
three to four to decide if your boss
says you got to go out there and take a
beating take it and say do you need me
to do it again Justin Timberlake Gemma
Arterton and Ben Affleck I'll figure a
way to get us out of this good luck
what a runner inspired by true events
[Music]